#labels Phase-Implementation
 
=BOOT file=

This is the default settings file for new Dollop installations.
  By default, Dollop installs itself with a configuration suitable for
  development purposes, and *NOT* for production purposes.
  For several security-oriented considerations that should be taken


                   
  ==About this file==  
                   
  This file controls many aspects of Dollop's behavior.
 
  The syntax of the file is extremely simple.  Whitespace and Lines
  beginning with a semicolon are silently ignored (as you probably guessed).
  Section headers (e.g. [Foo]) are also silently ignored, even though
  they might mean something in the future.
 
  Directives are specified using the following syntax:
  directive = value
  Directive names are *case sensitive* - foo=bar is different from FOO=bar.
 
  The value can be a string, a number, a Dollop constant (e.g. `MODULE_DIR` or `__FILE__`), one
  of the INI constants (On, Off, True, False, Yes, No and None) or an expression, or a quoted string ("foo").
 
  Expressions in the INI file are limited to bitwise operators and parentheses:
  |        bitwise OR
  &        bitwise AND
  ~        bitwise NOT
  !        boolean NOT
 
  Boolean flags can be turned on using the values 1, On, True or Yes.
  They can be turned off using the values 0, Off, False or No.
 
  An empty string can be denoted by simply not writing anything after the equal
  sign, or by using the None keyword:
 
   `foo =`           sets foo to an empty string
   `foo = none`      sets foo to an empty string
   `foo = "none"`    sets foo to the string 'none'
 
  If you use constants in your value, and these constants belong to a
  dynamically loaded extension (either a PHP extension or a Zend extension),
  you may only use these constants *after* the line that loads the extension.
 
  All the values in the php.ini-dist file correspond to the builtin
  defaults (that is, if no php.ini is used, or if you delete these lines,
  the builtin defaults will be identical).


 


  ==IMPORTANT NOTE==
  
    It's highly required to NOT USE arrays in this file,  like:

    `string[]=a` Empty array kay 

    `string[]=b` or listing with empty keys

        ==THIS USE WILL CRUSH THE CMS!!!==
 