#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Deploy,Featured
=REQUIREMENTS AND NOTES=
----

 LINUX web server.
 Apache version 2.0 (or higher) is recommended.
 The `RewriteEngine` is required! Check the `.htaccess` file for more info.
 PHP 5.3 (or higher GD library pack is required ) .
 MySQL 5.0.15 (or higher) (http://www.mysql.com/).

NOTE:
At the moment Dollop can be run properly only on a Linux server with Apache 2 and Mysql database.

=INSTALLATION PREPARATIONS=
----
- Confirm that the user under which Apache runs has permission to write into the website directory.
- Check can be done e.g. via `ls -la` command on the website root directory. To fix this you may use this command `chown -hR www-data /var/www/`
- Confirm that the mcrypt extension is installed and running properly . 
- For problems on Ubuntu server just use `sudo apt-get install php5-mcrypt` for installation.
- Confirm that the GD Library is installed and running properly. 
- For problems on Ubuntu server just use `sudo apt-get install php5-gd` for installation.
- Confirm that the Mysql process is running on the server.

=INSTALLATION=
----
==1. Download and extract Dollop.==

You can obtain the latest Dollop release from http://fire1.eu -- "dollop files"
are available in .tar.gz and .zip formats and can be extracted using most
compression tools.

To download and extract the files, on a typical Unix/Linux command line, use
the following commands:

`$ wget http://(for now is not available)`

`$ tar -zxvf dollop-[code name].xx.tar.gz`

This will create a new `dollop-[code name].xx/` containing all Dollop files and
directories. Next move the contents of that directory into a directory

within your web server's document root or your public HTML directory,
continue with this command:

`$ mv dollop-[code name].xx/* dollop-[code name].xx/.htaccess /path/to/your/installation`

==2. Optionally, download a translation.==

By default, Dollop is installed in English, and other languages may be
installed later. If you prefer to install Dollop in another language from the start:


 Download a translation file for the correct Dollop version and language
from the translation server: http://(for now is not available)

 Place the file into your language directory. "language/"

For detailed instructions, visit http://fire1.eu/


==3. Run the install script.==

You will be guided through several screens to set up the database, add the
site maintenance account (the first user, also known as user/1 (root) ), and provide all web site settings.

During installation, several files and directories need to be created, which
the install script will try to do automatically. However, on some hosting
environments, manual steps are required, and the install script will tell
you that it cannot proceed until you fix certain issues.

This is normal and does not indicate a problem with your server.

a). If you get problems with connection to mysql just delete the 'db.php' file from server.
The installation manager will ask again for mysql information.
This option is available to moment that '[BOOT].dp' file exists on website root.